Incubator module for Waterscope

DESCRIPTION

Incubator module is an add-on for Waterscope, which allows to create a temperature-controlled micro-environment for studies of bacterial colony growth.

The incubator module consist of two parts: a stage (S), which is placed closer to the objective of a Waterscope; and a cover (C) which is placed on top of the cover unit. Temperature regulation is achieved by a closed-loop control system that consists of two resistor heaters (1), which are housed inside the cover; and two digital temperature sensors (2), which are placed inside the stage. In addition, the cover features a housing for an LED (3) and LED reflector (4) for direct sample illumination.

The incubator is designed for bacterial samples, which are held between a standard glass slide (5) and a cover glass (6) by the means of a gene frame (7). The design of the incubator is parametric and compatible with 3D printing on an Ultimaker 2 machine.

OPERATION

I. ASSEMBLY
	1. Assemble the electrical components in the circuit shown.
	2. Place two resistor heaters inside the cover from underneath, such that the surface of the resistors is flat with the surface of the cover.
	3. Place two digital thermometers inside the stage from underneath, such that the surface of the thermometers is flat with the surface of the stage.
	4. Insert an LED into the cover from above.

II. Sample preparation
	1. Apply a gene frame to the cover glass.
	2. Place a cover glass into a cover glass housing on the stage.
	3. Place a sample on top of a cover glass.
	4. Insert a glass slide into the cover.
	5. Place the cover, with a glass slide inside, on top of a stage, such that the gene frame sticks to the slide.

III. Operation
	Connect the electrical components to an Arduino board and use the provided script (Control.ino) to set up the required temperature.

LIST OF PARTS

	S - Stage
	C - Cover

	1 - Resistor heaters (RS 159-758)
	2 - Digital temperature sensors (Dallas 18B20)
	3 - LED
	5 - Glass slide
	6 - Cover glass
	7 - Gene frame




